i look for the good in people.
sometimes i get hurt for it, but it's rare and it is worth it.
you may hear me say optimistic things that sound naive. i'm not naive. 
i've read too much history to be naive. 
i just think love wins out over the darker parts of human nature in the end.
appreciation is a wonderful thing. 
it makes what is excellent in others belong to us as well.
power naps are magic.
mike tyson is a legend, not just for his power in the boxing ring, but for the man he has become.
respect.
i'm thinking of getting a tesla.
actual footage of me cheating on the keto diet with apples.
i'm thankful for family, friends & the many amazing people i've gotten to meet this year.
this thanksgiving makes apparent, as many people are away from family, that the virus attacked our common humanity, but we humans are resilient bunch.
we're winning! 
i love you all.
thank you to the programmer, whoever you are, for creating this simulation.
it has some bugs, ends too quickly, but overall is pretty fun.
happy thanksgiving.
when i was a little kid, diego maradona was the person who made me realize that human beings are capable of moments of superhuman genius.
i remember re-watching this goal over & over for years, inspired to reach for the stars.
thank you diego for teaching me to dream big. rip.
i wonder how many people who criticize jordan peterson actually read his work. 
instead of censoring books, let's instead read a lot, think deeply, and keep an open mind.
science and innovation should be above politics, just the 2 of us.
we can make it if we try, just the 2 of us you and i.
being crazy isn't enough.
memes will save the world.
excellence is sexy.
humans share 50% of their dna with bananas.
books over looks.
faster-than-light travel is permitted by physics general relativity. 
yes, it seems exceptionally difficult, but not impossible.
looking at what was accomplished over the past 100 years, the next 100 is going to be full of big, hard-to-predict breakthroughs.
i love the good vibes of the tesla community. 
every tesla person i meet makes me excited about our future.
declaration of independence is the greatest legal document ever written. 
i am in awe that after a few billion years of evolution, a bunch of apes in wigs joined together to write unapologetically about life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.
we are all npc characters.
life is more fun if you keep an open mind.
never was so much owed by so many to so few.
communism won't work, there are too many red flags.
thank you to all veterans.
in soviet russia meme reviews you.
nothing in the world is worth having or worth doing unless it means effort, pain, difficulty. 
i have never in my life envied a human being who led an easy life.
i have envied a great many people who led difficult lives and led them well.
we need good leaders, not good politicians.
america is great.
we're living in a simulation, listen to the mustn'ts, child, listen to the don'ts, listen to the shouldn'ts, the impossibles, the won'ts.
listen to the never haves then listen close to me.
anything can happen, child, anything can be.
democracy is messy, i just voted.
i love this country.
some people will try to divide us.
let's not let them. 
we are in this together.
we are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.
america is an amazing country. 
i'm a proud immigrant and a proud american.
in the midst of winter, i found there was within me an invincible summer.
no matter how hard the world pushes against me, within me there’s something stronger, something better, pushing right back.
i don't know what i'm doing. 
it's night, wet, freezing, lonely.
the ocean is beautiful.
i'm so grateful for our world, for people, for life, for this moment.
i love you all, wear a mask. 
test at scale, open the economy.
what being optimistic about the rest of 2020 feels like.
scientists mostly refuse to seriously explore conspiracy theories.
conspiracy theorists mostly refuse to seriously study science. 
but it doesn't have to be so. 
being both open-minded and rigorous is difficult, but ultimately unifying and productive.
knowing your own darkness is the best method for dealing with the darknesses of other people.
the simulation is written in lisp.
the darker the night, the brighter the stars.
fear is the mind-killer.
life should not be a journey to the grave with the intention of arriving safely in a pretty and well preserved body, but rather to skid in broadside in a cloud of smoke, thoroughly used up, totally worn out, and loudly proclaiming: 'wow! what a ride!'
keep the faith, stay in line.
we will decide our future, it's up to us.
keep doing the work to make progress, we must stop treating our opponents as our enemy. 
we are not enemies, we are people.
how unhappy some dogs like it though.
how unhappy  some dogs like it though.
talking to my over driver about where i'm goinghe said he'd love to go to new york too but since trump it's probably not.
does anybody know if the rand's likely to fall against the dollar? i got some money  i need to change into r but it keeps getting stronger unhappy.
i miss going to gigs in liverpool unhappy.
there isnt a new riverdale tonight ? unhappy.
it's that ady guy from pop asia and then the translator so they'll probs go with them around aus unhappy.
who's that chair you're sitting in? is this how i find out. everyone knows now. you've shamed me in pu.
don't like how jittery caffeine makes me sad.
my area's not on the list unhappy  think i'll go libdems anyway.
i want fun plans this weekend unhappy.
when can you notice me.  unhappy  what?
ahhhhh! you recognized logan!!! cinemax shows have a bad track record for getting cancelled unhappy.
errr dude.... they're gone unhappy  asked other league memeber to check  the guys are go.
not you again sad.
why would harvey be going to prison? unhappy.
missing in crying  seaside area.
becoz if we will depend on your promoting its waste of hardwork to all team who.
i thought you'll save me crying.
major waffle cravings right now sad.
cant speak japanese ::
how can people do stuff like this unhappy.
please just stop confining animals in zoos unhappy.
feel like i shoyould be telling you to get the fuck out social media byout also feel really mean because unhappy  silence  love yoyou hope yoyoure okay.
i miss you huhu so busy unhappy.
it was extended family.  ppl.ahh wanted to show a oh my girl being dorky while playing a game but it got deleted unhappy.
don't do that unhappy.
jamie can you please reset the cga grandfinal server... no administrator are responding unhappy.
noooooooo you gonna miss the buffet unhappy  take care ain!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i wish i could vote for you unhappy.
instant message so jealous okay unhappy  but never mind haha bruno can wait finals first.
when i'm enlisting can please turn up like this unhappy.
unhappy  how come people like this have children where's the state intervention.
ouchhhhh unhappy.
help... i want to stop tweeting. all i feel is endless suffering and pain. i tried to deactivate myself many times... save me... unhappy.
for those asking.
the application is kana kanji funtime! sadly.
it looks like ios  is due to kill it unhappy.
yeah did update to .
it froze a few times. then went to .
froze mid install. waited hrs he'd to pull plug crying.
shaandaar.
zabardast.
another atbb on it's way ! i wish srk sir starts signing good movies unhappy.
i want jabee crying.
sociopath full raid gear sad.
when will you say hi sunshine ? unhappy.
i feel bad for doing that ahaha unhappy.
it's getting harder and harder to stay unhappy.
his face looks bloated unhappy  baby get well soon.
fuck. tried changing my settings but still in india. unhappy.
talking to my over driver about where i'm goinghe said he'd love to go to new york too but since trump it's probably not.
let's not forget that it's also gabriel tenma white's birthday today!i miss unhappy.
why am i always taken for granted eversince unhappy.
ah alright.
i dont know if you saw my comment yet.
but what camera you shooting with.
does it have flip out scr.
i miss louis' tweets unhappy.
koalas are dying of thirst  and it's all because of us unhappy.
okay i'll shut up now. instant message just mad that lots of people will now have a very flawed opinion on mental health  on mine because of this show unhappy.
pamura isa because in this very moment.
i want to explode like a grenade to the point where people will die with me. sad.
yg should have sent them to mcd. i want to see them holding the trophy unhappy  anyways.
i really want one of those iconic jimin stripes turtleneck shirt unhappy.
i want a spoons but i cant go unhappy  honestly feels like a messy break up unhappy.
makes me so sad unhappy  they looked so unhappy when i went to seaworld.
yg should have sent them to mcd. i want to see them holding the trophy unhappy  anyways .
i miss rockys posts unhappy.
hey tony.
oh no unhappy  could you please tell me a little more about your issue? im following if youd prefer to dm. amanda.
i love mason and miss mason unhappy.
cold as a mother crusher right now. nearing the end of april. sad.
we dont talk anymore like we used to do unhappy.
yg should have sent them to mcd. i want to see them holding the trophy unhappy  anyways .
miss biking unhappy.
i miss big brother unhappy.
days in camp haiss miss you a lot unhappy.
it's raining so hard unhappy.
am bored and kandowiandg i have ando plaands for today is makiandg me eveand more bored unhappy.
oh my god not laurie penny unhappy.
can you say hi mekisha? unhappy.
i should never draw again unhappy.
cleantha.
visual studio installation -  .. bsod comes suddenly unhappy.
i want to make waffles unhappy.
so sad unhappy.
crying  muh feels.
look like somethings i will ignore xd kart racing when? unhappy.
did ate jenna just blocked me or what? unhappy.
my bed is so comfortable i don't want to get up unhappy.
is that store still in use? if so.
i sincerely hope not too many priceless antiques were destroyed. reg.
astaga unhappy  ?
i want a puppy now unhappy.
have to work unhappy  but i'll see you tomorrow!!
happy weed day without them is not the same anymore unhappy.
my favourite lipstick hilang crying.
time just flies.
can't believe he will be year for next year unhappy  we're becoming old hahahah :v.
the new twitter reply view has me confused... like do i capitalise my replies to people or not? unhappy.
whaddup. me too crying.
unhappy  every time laughing my ass off.
who's selling an army bomb ver ??? meet up on sad.
yeesh unhappy  it's fairly warm here.
easter has flown unhappy  i'm not ready to give up home luxuries like branded cereal.
ohnoo unhappy  unhappy  hope it recuperates sooner!!
her back unhappy.
give me a chance in west server unhappy.
but you were going to do it yesterday unhappy.
i agree. my issue would be that it all has to be paid for somehow. i just can't see the numbers adding up. sad.
i want to drink with cigarettes unhappy.
oh mince unhappy.
the manifesto.
nick? might he deliver when the time demands it. story of his life -
it's okay i've accepted you the way you are unhappy.
why do people abuse animals unhappy  they're so loyal.
i'm actually crying while typing this tweet i just can't take it anymore.. not applicablehulog not applicable knock out d unhappy.
imagine if he wins next time too unhappy  unhappy.
same unhappy.
i need cue something that would make me smile....i'll be waiting...:
yg should have sent them to mcd. i want to see them holding the trophy unhappy  anyways .
yg should have sent them to mcd. i want to see them holding the trophy unhappy  anyways .
these nosebleeds are getting outta hands unhappy.
i am perfectly happy being single .. until i see a happy couple :kisses thefashionicon.
dude i just want more sleep unhappy.
feel so fucking shit today unhappy.
wont be able to stream tonight i'm sorry guys unhappy.
i face swapped a cat with a dog and it's really upsetting unhappy.
your system does not recognize spaces in last names so for nd time unable to check in  forced to wait in unnecessary lines unhappy.
still waiting unhappy.
- thank you tons.
rocks. next question - where is my astro unhappy  ?
it was not your fault.
but the customs of argentina that fill you with paperwork unhappy.
i tried fixing my choristers dress hem that came undone by taping it with fabric tape but i put it on wrong and its even more ruined unhappy.
small fishie died unhappy.
it's too nice outside to be stuck in school all day unhappy.
edm pleaseeeeeeeee   unhappy.
oh my god unhappy  next time mishutuuu.
can you say hi julia ??pleasee crying.
bby unhappy  your emotion.
i seriously thought that coldplay was going to be band like depeche mode or u.
just kept going unhappy.
poor baby unhappy  i hate people.
unhappy  i have to be strong today jfjfjkf.
i need a unicorn frappuccino stat. i just found out they are limited timee! unhappy  how much longer?
her back unhappy  .
unhappy  sorry to hear this.....
i won't. if i do it's probably for phil but he hasn't seen me yet unhappy.
yuri was here and i didn't know it unhappy  the second snsd i missed.
why are your campervan tickets so expensive? unhappy.
canberra is a land-locked capital. unhappy.
how much? i cant seem to deathmatch you unhappy.
.agata baby unhappy  it broke in the mail. but i read your letter  can't thank you enough. you are the best.
same unhappy.
she is! haha but i wanted to look like v unhappy.
unhappy  they look dead.
puta i know sorry isn't enough pero sorry padin unhappy.
mannn.
i want to go to an m's game unhappy.
unhappy   feeling bored.
i wish i could sleep early unhappy.
i just hope i start getting the gb data per day from tonight!! unhappy.
koalas are dying of thirst  and it's all because of us unhappy  .
i want to see you happy sad.
i just told them to bugger off and hung up! they waned access to my pc. if they phoned someone like my gran.
my braces hurt unhappy.
ohh welcome to clxsslc chanyeol oppa! or should i call you with richard? kalau jadi sayang gimana? unhappy.
we dont talk anymore like we used to do unhappy .
claaaaaaaaaaaaasse !
what a pity! unhappy  those were beautiful! but thank you for your answer!
sciatica. what a monumental pain in the arse. unhappy.
this escalated quickly.
i'm aborting mission now have a nice day though x.
- thank you tons.
rocks. next question - where is my astro unhappy  ?
her back unhappy  .
no stream tonight! throat is killing me. unhappy.
me too...i won't miss the hgvs going past our house though. it was a nice looking building - had initiall.
don't say that unhappy.
summer's not in our school's vocabulary unhappy  we need air. please tell.
bae's not here unhappy.
wanna get a haircut but i dont know a good place unhappy.
it feels kind of empty wo youngjae at the venue.. unhappy.
her back unhappy  .
yeah.
i think that's going to be true.
he can't leave us unhappy.
yesterday felt like friday unhappy.
please rt he'll buy me a blinking taehyung headband.
if i get  retweets and  likes. help me :un.
yes instant message sad crying.
i face swapped a cat with a dog and it's really upsetting unhappy  .
nice! some really nice stuff there! mostly black dresses which i won't get away with for a june wedding though unhappy.
i miss you unhappy.
beyond sad unhappy.
goodnight princess.
i love you  have fun with your friends.
yg should have sent them to mcd. i want to see them holding the trophy unhappy  anyways .
something is really wrong. i should be spending my days naked on a beach in the hot sunshine. not working in the cold in king's lynn sad.
punishment time for jb's team! unhappy.
aw goodnight angel! i love you lots and i hope you're going to have the best tiame and a lot of fun!! wonho's already am.
not really an amount just loads of sections unhappy  i'll ride up to to netherton now meet me at darby end ?
q i'm not an mh healthcare professional. as much as i want to help i'm scared to death i might make the situation.
got a msg! oops not you unhappy.
just chillin it's a bit quiet tonight on my tough luck unhappy  what about you??
i bet the media's one-sided view of tim tams surprisingly was the alt-right roar extreme droll fad unhappy.
my hair is not as crisp unhappy.
a couple more unhappy.
what the fuck dont unhappy.
going to ca in july.
our reunion is in august unhappy.
the road and traffic signs section of theory revision is such a myth unhappy.
unhappy  we're sorry your pizza arrived with mushrooms despite your request. could you please get in touch vi.
you're a kabute unhappy.
last to  things i've bought from you no sweets unhappy.
wish i could stay in bed all day and listen to the rain sad.
i don't want to tell fellow comm students because i don't want them to think i'm some kind of suck-up... unhappy.
when will you notice me? unhappy.
go away unhappy.
ally unhappy  i can't make a poem about being cute.
ehh i cant dm you unhappy.
to  beautiful ladies and so full of fun and body confidence. .. then on the s.
why is italian easier than spanish unhappy.
i find it so difficult to says no to him unhappy.
it's only been  days and to  nights since mama went back to the province but i already miss her unhappy.
i want to cry unhappy.
i love got but god i am bored unhappy.
i can't continue this right now because the lighting is shitty as f i swear sorry sad.
let's have dinneeeer please unhappy.
i lost one import quizzz unhappy.
i want to be mutuals with you so bad unhappy.
keep looking for the things i bought yesterday in my dream unhappy.
it hurts me to see him so sad unhappy  you don't understand i have to do this. if i don't kill you.
he'll kil.
i hate park jisung so much sad.
when your online crush comes to the meet-up without their snapchat filter unhappy.
i hate when my mom ask so you going or no? bc then i want to stay home but i missed too much school already unhappy.
happy birthday katrika  i miss you though unhappy  miss having you in our group and all haih  anyway.
have a blast okay. love you!
i miss my dogs too unhappy.
yg should have sent them to mcd. i want to see them holding the trophy unhappy  anyways .
digital monsters want to work with blackpink make it happen pls unhappy.
this is so me though.
i miss my boys unhappy  i have started working with my own local boys but they are very nervous college friends.
we were classmates for alvarez but i don't really see you around school anymore unhappy.
ugh i miss my baby crying.
if anyone needs me i'll be on my vent unhappy.
why is it so hard for you to notice me? haay unhappy.
i cant deathmatch you piss off unhappy.
when are you going to notice yous? unhappy.
and i miss my bedroom too unhappy.
please take all the rest you needwe love you so so much :i hope you feel better soon sunshine!
oh.
same unhappy.
i miss my baby unhappy.
it's only been a few days since their promotion ended but i'm already missing her so much unhappy.
i miss them unhappy.
i miss jihoon sad.
my only one cat yang manja sangat and now someone has took him unhappy.
not tired and there's nothing to do great combo unhappy.
and this tweet made me cry!! crying.
back to coconut hair unhappy.
please return the jacket unhappy.
who would you call when you are roused in midnightreminds me of the times they were roommates unhappy  unhappy  unhappy you suck.
i feel so bad.
and all the mobbing in australia.
i just hope everything goes right from now on unhappy.
it's only been a few days since their promotion ended but i'm already missing her so much unhappy  .
hungry unhappy  but no time to buy food.
how can i set an alarm for am and snooze it until  unhappy.
sad story unhappy.
koalas are dying of thirst  and it's all because of us unhappy  .
hey screenshot sainyo  . hmm tumagal sana us . stay what uu are . im always here fr uu no matter what  . luv uu so mats.
looks awesome annette.
but i can't make it unhappy  thanks for the heads up though. please take photos!
narank  ako bcos of yoyou. can you please congratyoulate me even if its already late? unhappy.
it can't be over unhappy.
relatable unhappy.
how about me unhappy.
offline  unhappy.
heeeeey notice me unhappy.
i want to hang out with them unhappy.
he was talking with the girl behind jin unhappy.
i need cheering up.
my dog who my family have had for  years is being put down tomorrow unhappy.
molly  . i wish i could have her hair unhappy  . cutest michael girl  milly on the phone . haiiiiiir  and your lips . friend. yes. -
even me unhappy  hugs.
i'm a building a llvm backend so.
i really need to build it unhappy.
i can't access my school emails from any web browser unhappy  yet i have so much homework for all my subjects on there.
oh sad unhappy  goodluck!
ouch elena eremina's foot slip.
that fall was a mess unhappy.
donny unhappy.
you're so rude unhappy.
oh my god same! we should attend on some lessons together sometime just kidding hahah.
every time meredith has flashbacks of derek shepherd i can't hold back the tears unhappy.
whew! can't asses myself unhappy.
but i no have round ass crying.
unhappy  i saw somebody said his hair fell out and bighit trying to figure it out.
koh.
tolong bantu sampaikan keluhan armys ke dong. too many complaint here and there since day  of ticketing unhappy.
i keep waking up in the middle of the night sick as shit. unhappy.
i cringed so hard :that fall was such a shame- she had been looking really good until that point...
man its been about hrs since their vlive...its nearly over for sydney ppl... unhappy  goes so quick so appreciate every second!!
hi aled.
having no mobile signal sucks unhappy  what's the full postcode for where this is happening? we're keen to help si.
that sucks unhappy.
i'm rusty.. haven't played this game since i was like . just kept dying at that crocodile part crying.
i really really need them right now unhappy.
hey guys could you help me by retweeting this? i've heard was legitimate and i really need a vpn account rig.
god not the koalas.
feeling bad unhappy  with  others.
and this tweet made me cry!! crying .
i could write paragraphs about it xdshame its theoretically impossible in real life unhappy.
thank you roshhh  i miss you and everyone too.  love youuu more.
me too sweetie i know how you feel unhappy.
when your online crush comes to the meet-up without their snapchat filter unhappy  .
.the person who chose shut the fuck up: unhappy.
sadly yes. since he was expected to continue losing support before dropping bombs unhappy  going up when expe.
i hope this little beaand is andot overworkiandg himself and gettiandg at least some rest unhappy.
he could be whatever.
so? sad.
but the dub is what i watch for pokemon unhappy.
are dying of thirst  and it's all because of us unhappy.
youngjae during fansign on  constantly massaging his back. clearly something wrong but pretended he was not.
but... you use a purple flowercrown in your display picture unhappy.
i still cant unhappy.
well that's terrible unhappy.
sorry piss off  unhappy.
i woke up at :
i'm a joke unhappy.
so right! sir rob loves to torture us unhappy.
my salary reminds me of the weekends.
i always know when it come but have no fucking clue how it goes unhappy.
i feel so sick today unhappy.
i wish but i can't sad.
its my birthday tomorrow baby unhappy.
i'm slow unhappy.
super unhappy.
trashing others and having a possee behind you boosts your ego.
but not your career. unhappy.
i just finished gym.
had chopsuey before that unhappy  laughing my ass off humble feeds are always the bomb!
still not possible! unhappy.
whaaaaaaaat!!! you and unhappy.
you had loads of toys. all i had was a sweep hand puppet and the bastard lost its squeak! unhappy.
this is damn.... theres people who sincerely want to attend bh birthday party but bcs of those people who try for fun make them ca.
i should do aegyo because i lost unhappy.
also please send prayers and sympathy because my favorite ball dress doesn't fit my boobs crying.
i miss snsd. i miss my girls unhappy.
being a parent is very challenging. if we cannot control ourselves we'll give the worst output to the children in other word.
ngomel crying.
jonny you and your poor legs make me so sad unhappy  hope you're okay.
hope he's ok.
poor mouse unhappy.
no its okay she survived :
yeah! my sight reading was pretty good in high school.
but i'm a bit rusty now! unhappy.
me to self: don't buy that.also me: but i'm a furry unhappy.
this is damn.... theres people who sincerely want to attend bh birthday party but bcs of those people who try for fun make them ca.
i love youu so much unhappy  thank you.
and have fun.
this is damn.... theres people who sincerely want to attend bh birthday party but bcs of those people who try for fun make them ca.
so upsetting the abuse these kids get unhappy.
oo crying   happyyearsbraceunited.
exactly same in was thinking.. unhappy.
i'm scared unhappy  i mean. why the heck did i decide to do laundry at : pm? what is wrong with me. did i mention how dark it is. fml.
sunnyside as well unhappy.
y'all want me to choke what'd i do? unhappy.
they have a whole japan tour ahead of them.. one that will be quite brutal on their already tired bodies. boys unhappy.
ahhh i'd be well chuffed.
didn't even get an easter egg this year! unhappy  xx.
can someone buy me a tasbih pls? i don't have one unhappy.
clay and hannah   - they were so in love they deserved to be endgame unhappy.
please talk to me about nct instant message lonely i need to fangirl once in a while okay crying.
this is so sad what the fuck unhappy.
please follow me . i have been trying to get your follow for a long time unhappy  .
i really enjoyed horrizion zero dawn but no idea what to play next unhappy.
this is damn.... theres people who sincerely want to attend bh birthday party but bcs of those people who try for fun make them ca.
no more good conversations here unhappy.
annoyingly the spaces in the variable width version of the c font that's available on the internet are wi.
i don't like their songs after debyout younhappy  so i can syouggest yoyou jyoust one song i really love.
it's adore you.
jackson unhappy  then youngjae silence  aww.
trop retard sad.
i'd rather be sailor uranus but chibiusa but if thats everyone says i am unhappy  rip.
and you're right about mcconnell as well. unfortunately.
we seem to have sold our government some time ago. unhappy.
i wish my dogs knew how much i hyped them up on snap chat unhappy.
some people  you intensionly  they dont even they please someone unhappy.
very sad unhappy.
this is damn.... theres people who sincerely want to attend bh birthday party but bcs of those people who try for fun make them ca.
the most painful goodbyes are the onesthat are never said and never explained crying  unhappy  :
i miss bmf sad.
you're got to disappear half way too? unhappy  everybody want to being lazy eue.
i have no choice but to cancel it. unhappy.
oh sadly i wont watch her right now  they're forbid me to see her unhappy.
koalas are dying of thirst  and it's all because of us unhappy  .
r.i.p cellphone unhappy.
and  on the pic? unhappy.
yeah unhappy.
don't miss you anymore unhappy.
okay what tf is this colorful starbucks thing all over social media unhappy.
this is damn.... theres people who sincerely want to attend bh birthday party but bcs of those people who try for fun make them ca.
well that's not good unhappy.
oh boo.
mine isn't in my inbox unhappy.
didn't keep it unhappy.
i only just absorbed that i'm not going to get to laugh when he gets  votes. unhappy.
hi ishwar! that's not the experience we want you to have unhappy  we will call you  for more details and sort it out! - roshan.
we all know unhappy.
i'll be as strong as i can but it's hard unhappy  xxx.
i lost two streaks and it's from my two favorite people silence  unhappy  good night.
i can relate to this so so much unhappy.
joy we should get him back.
i can't do it all on my own. see what i did there?
and they'll brush it off lng telling others not applicable not applicableg-iinot applicablerte lng sila and that other had it worse than them. unhappy.
usually a speedboat behind any we get here on the river unhappy.
omg i see why you don't drink alcohol haha so glad your having fun all you guys ! wish i.
this happens all the time!  unhappy.
motivation to study unhappy.
happy birthday sweet sweet girl! i hope you have the best day ever! love and miss you so much unhappy.
nmd r's so ugly unhappy.
my honey unhappy.
philippines? unhappy.
i want to but i wouldn't be able to get time off for it and don't know people in my year to go with unhappy.
unhappy  friendzone. damn sad.
i cried so much.
i was a mess. i went to bed feeling numb it was awful unhappy.
please rt he'll buy me a blinking taehyung headband.
if i get  retweets and  likes. help me :un.
the email i was hoping i'd get today.
didn't arrive unhappy  here's hoping tomorrow it does.
haha mate its all good i love a debte i just wished the center.
wowwow these are all so cute unhappy  i wantt.
that sucks unhappy .
instant message getting sad unhappy.
wow unhappy  people are so mean.
this is damn.... theres people who sincerely want to attend bh birthday party but bcs of those people who try for fun make them ca.
talking to my over driver about where i'm goinghe said he'd love to go to new york too but since trump it's probably not.
i love them with all my hort unhappy.
golly gosh. this is simply dreadful what havoc must be wreaking subsurface? black salve won't.
autograph book at the ready.
no sign of garry barlow yet sad.
thank you roshhh  i miss you and everyone too.  love youuu more .
please meeeee you have followed me for almost to  years now unhappy.
what happened unhappy.
true! khilado kuch unhappy.
realized i havent eaten rice maghapon because i finished  packs of spicy seafood noodles  to  extra big chilimansi :acid attack right now.
post-show blues are hitting hard. unhappy.
all ready for its poster - when my computer gets.
good morning unhappy.
wht sort of thing can't use word person for itcan cause such suffering to ths sad.
i want to kiss his nose and tell him i love him sad.
i stayed  hours on the phone with ad my bubbyyyyyyy i miss her unhappy.
no girl unhappy  that's why. wa ropiwa . sandton is unnecessarily expensive. try salons in braam.
i was actually looking forward to seeing if your theory around his personal vote was correct unhappy.
who to bring to mb man unhappy.
i am sad to report that the robins egg my mom found in the yard after a storm has been taken off life support. poor thing is too frozen unhappy.
her back unhappy  .
slight buzy kasi besh unhappy.
when you're late to work because you had to break the news to the lovely lady who cleans the house... crying together unhappy.
they stopped having them when they got rid of the toy surprises at the bottom unhappy.
tell me unhappy  why.
i cant find my striped shirt unhappy  so instant message wearing the one that says what is your favorite thing? with lucas in the middle.
guys please help me retweet unhappy.
there's always shit like this. there's always people who are less deserving getting tickets.
and winning giveaways etc unhappy.
truuuu!! si grim reaper and sunny huhu grabe love story nila unhappy.
i caught a cold. unhappy  it seems i've got tired than i expected....
shameful.
shameful business :stop paying giant corporations for foods you just don't need.... wake up people plea.
i miss my baby unhappy.
holy shit!  pages script of the opening scene of man of steel on krypton got compressed.i wish i could at least.
late nights.
i face swapped a cat with a dog and it's really upsetting unhappy  .
failed unhappy  .g hehe.
i miss my boo so much unhappy.
i need a car unhappy  but no car unhappy  poor me unhappy.
i wish i could attend it too unhappy.
ikr. i would have trauma if i ware him unhappy.
today.
but it wasn't lit at all unhappy.
why is life so unfair? unhappy.
the biblical lectures are coming. more notification soon. tomorrow.
in fact.
i'm so glad i don't care what people think anymore but i wish i still looked my best everyday like i used too sad  i just pick.
muz u more.
sure no prob. ilabyu too.
such a lucky slave i wish this was me unhappy.
instant message still hoping unhappy.
fuck unhappy.
i tak ambik wedding package cause i is poor unhappy  i ambik aromaterapi massage je hajxjsjsj. hehe see uuuu jwa.
koalas are dying of thirst  and it's all because of us unhappy  .
unhappy  let's fight all those kids.
it's not cassandra cain. unhappy  not sure i want to watch batbuffy. batwoman would have been more interesting.
half of the time it doesn't load.
the other half of the time it crashes unhappy  it's embarassing when i'
right i dont see how people can just do shit like this.
i miss hoseok unhappy.
left few months in hinhua ler unhappy  i need to gambateh wink.
a fish killer going to be pressed younhappy  i the hoe of today you were a  good person.
she loved beth so much unhappy.
prince baekhyun.....throw me into the dungeon please i don't deserve to see your beautiful face unhappy.
they are family.  it's awful when they go.  sorry to hear. unhappy.
i face swapped a cat with a dog and it's really upsetting unhappy  .
my honey unhappy  .
we all do unhappy  pizza in taiwan! its like a swift.
flavorful dream.
can't :tello.
swear i just walked past haha.
didn't get a chance to say hi unhappy.
i miss quacktopia! unhappy.
are dying of thirst  and it's all because of us unhappy   .
goodnight i love these beautiful boys unhappy.
why no available in the u.k.? unhappy.
ailes sure knew how to make a great network!  fox is going downhill wi.
penge damit unhappy.
i'm sorry unhappy.
koalas are dying of thirst  and it's all because of us unhappy  .
i'm hungry unhappy.
finals are next week unhappy  wish me luck x.
i miss temperance brennan and seeley booth so much unhappy.
i miss quacktopia! unhappy .
i said d largely because sd d doesn't run on newer versions of mac os and i miss playing it unhappy   hd woul.
follow mee plss unhappy.
talking to my over driver about where i'm goinghe said he'd love to go to new york too but since trump it's probably not.
babye old twitter unhappy.
congratyoulations harry!!!!! been with you since fifa !!!! miss yoyour younboxing videos unhappy.
can't wait to see you in that film karl! i wished you would be here were i'm bu.
cram reading unhappy.
i'm job searching and got none so:buthedonism i got in abundance.
it's only been a few days since their promotion ended but i'm already missing her so much unhappy  .
hello i am getting cyber bullied by do something about it unhappy.
call center nice game  unhappy.
bes rip.
follow me too unhappy.
i'll be attending cosmic latte on saturday and i'll give these out to selu shippers kasi selu month qaqo unhappy.
baby unhappy.
i only just absorbed that i'm not going to get to laugh when he gets  votes. unhappy  .
friendly fire to wings tour unhappy.
my back hurts sad.
typed up all the medical  shorthand abbreviation we use for work.
and the dame computer decides to crash unhappy  now i...
excuse me i dont see my nama unhappy.
this is damn.... theres people who sincerely want to attend bh birthday party but bcs of those people who try for fun make them ca.
that's shocking and evil unhappy.
zac farro is back by the way hehehe so sad jeremy is not unhappy.
maa ki kuss tumhari. now take this bullshit you loser.
i thought mountain dew in australia had no caffeine and it was the little energy drink cans were caffeinated i will never sleep again unhappy.
i hope this little beaand is andot overworkiandg himself and gettiandg at least some rest unhappy  .
base unver ajalah minahaes unhappy.
this is damn.... theres people who sincerely want to attend bh birthday party but bcs of those people who try for fun make them ca.
has someone contacted jelpi about the issue rn? unhappy.
arisun at town hall has pretty terrible service and rude staff. we only went there because icg's fryer was broken unhappy.
this is damn.... theres people who sincerely want to attend bh birthday party but bcs of those people who try for fun make them ca.
powerpoint'te mi hazirladiniz post'u unhappy.
yeah! my sight reading was pretty good in high school.
but i'm a bit rusty now! unhappy  .
only pure evil people unhappy.
poor baby unhappy  i hate people .
what a great thing to be sad about unhappy.
so my hair iand suandlight versus ando light but i waandt to chaandge it and i duandando if i waandt to go darker or bloandder sad  please help po.
hi ashish! we tried to call your number but got no response unhappy  please share another suitable time and an alternate.. cont.
kante why do broke girls love exposing broke niggars so much? where's the team spirit? unhappy.
but i want unhappy  that looks so yummy hehehe.
don't think i'm pretty enough unhappy.
koalas are dying of thirst  and it's all because of us unhappy  .
did some warm up sketches of some of my faves.
i was going to add bazza.
but i can't.
i just want to wish marissa a happy birthday but she keeps ignoring me sad.
what's wrong with you why don't you like animals unhappy.
someone build house on  i cant do it unhappy  cant believe this hasn't already been done????
tulips are my favorite unhappy.
omg i'm sad to say that i actually don't remember this! unhappy  when did this happen??
crying  we're getting vm soon wooo.
unhappy  my c struggle is not valid?
? old leyland.
love it unhappy.
only pure evil people unhappy .
sounds family.
this is jimin to yoongi unhappy.
chin up leo crying.
slight buzy kasi besh unhappy  .
rip tes k experience  crying.
please reading this breaks my heart unhappy.
mager unhappy.
penge damit unhappy .
this is jimin to yoongi unhappy  .
bapak tom cruise.
i only just absorbed that i'm not going to get to laugh when he gets  votes. unhappy  .
i just watched this kid from produce  who performed chewing gum omoo poor kid bless his soul unhappy.
definitely my arms unhappy.
my moms leaving today to go out of town and i already miss her unhappy.
i can't do it all on my own. see what i did there?  .
when your online crush comes to the meet-up without their snapchat filter unhappy  .
and i would never forget about you!!
fuckin' headache everyday unhappy.
jyoust hyoug me.
hyoug me longer than  secs. hyoug me even when i dont want you to unhappy.
the saddest part of my day everyday is when ryan has to leave at : am unhappy.
what did he say i'm at work unhappy  totally made my day though.
jimin doesnt follow me yet unhappy.
i don't know where i was at this time but i have retweeted now and i've been waiting the dm for a long time unhappy.
need moodbooster juseyo unhappy.
i miss you too unhappy.
wth why did  have to happen during the easter holidays it's one of the best days in leeds unhappy.
hakyeon turns  soon oh my god no he's still a baby unhappy.
it's gray outside today unhappy.
i ordered car yesterday.
dealer said loads of cars were returning due to disabled losing them sad.
gotta keep trying before i have to quit to work unhappy  pick me please! give.
definitely my arms unhappy  .
i literally couldn't see a thing when they were at the back of the stage.
the girl in front of me was.
definitely my arms unhappy  .
getting up this morning was a hassle unhappy.
my mom knows the struggle of this drystreak i'm on unhappy.
haven't played fm in a long time. i really should. unhappy.
someone messed up unhappy  available.
i miss my baby unhappy .
yesterday's faci so cute! but he  :today's faci is old eeyer.
yes jenniessi?
so precious i really miss him unhappy.
louistomlinson follow me please? unhappy.
i waited for u unhappy.
that makes me sad. unhappy  i wasn't friends with her like you.
but i liked seeing her posts and love her wri.
i waited for you unhappy.
uvrr i wish i had noted the gentleman's name unhappy  but if you find out who he is.
please do commend him. h.
i do it for  times a week leh sad  and yes closing is damn fuck opening so much better.
no one is selling vhope banners what?  sad.
all my irls are coming at me because i meet the boys too much and i don't deserve any of it unhappy.
you might set the whole place on fire.
i'll try sad and yes i am unhappy.
goodmorning!! my parents are taking kids for lunch today- they are off school-report card! i'm wor.
yeah sad.
streaming later in the day night stream since i have to go and take care of the internet contract.
sorry guys unhappy.
true unhappy.
help me too unhappy  as an early birthday gift huhu.
definitely my arms unhappy  .
just please look at how scared and full of tence lauren's face is after tryin reaching camila's hand.
baby unhappy  bett.
aww eunji didnt see win today sad  but congratulations to winner !!!!
you can have mine and i'll take the iphone. i'm switching back when my contract is up... in a year and a half unhappy.
i know.. i really want his ranks to rise a lot during tmr's episode but seeing how many tweet about him.. unhappy.
hitches ride for final unhappy.
white genocide is not a thing. its figment of your imagination. youre a victim of nothing but disinformation.
one direction band  whats going on unhappy.
too bad i can't watch it unhappy  that cake is cute and looks delicious.
definitely my arms unhappy  .
give me my own ahn minhyuk juseyoooo unhappy.
sorry unhappy  i just need sex for the time being.
definitely my arms unhappy  .
wants to say hi to you.
this is jimin to yoongi unhappy  .
it seems they cost abut k a year? i'm paying half that for my full education and don't get treat.
definitely my arms unhappy  .
come to miami sad.
tw: s assaultactually horrified how many friends of mine women i talk to have been sexually assaulted in past. just found out another unhappy.
my heart unhappy.
soph please dont win again unhappy   jk.. good luck i think you will draw a good poster.
sad  i don't.
unfortunately.
i really feel for that lamp unhappy.
sadly i'm not unhappy.
last kiss unhappy.
why are you whimper at me?
this is damn.... theres people who sincerely want to attend bh birthday party but bcs of those people who try for fun make them ca.
been streaminuteg for  minute not understanding a thing and still.. unhappy.
why is it so difficult for me to get at least a chance unhappy.
for some reason last.fm unlinks from spotify and i miss like a month of scrobbles before i notice unhappy.
only take season  off.
definitely my arms unhappy  .
definitely my arms unhappy  .
all of the park areas in paris are marked as green on google maps.
but in reality they're just patches of dusty dirt unhappy.
ill be at work just a second come on unhappy.
and he's still taking over a quarter of the billboard charts while x is.
this is damn.... theres people who sincerely want to attend bh birthday party but bcs of those people who try for fun make them ca.
guys please help i tried to smoke some lettuce earlier but now my salad is ruined unhappy.
can someone pls gift me xayah using pi plssss? unhappy.
instant message still bored unhappy.
this is jimin to yoongi unhappy  .
my heart hurts. sad  i hate people.
can just see the edge creeping in unhappy.
its not organicthey'll shoehorn it inbut plot  character developmentmcu netflix has leswhat support.
i suddenly miss you ate unhappy.
biggest problem for paper books is storage unhappy.
i havent been this early to school since last semester unhappy.
pierces like a bitch unhappy.
i think that's one of the hottest part of your body.
wow this is amazing but i won't be in the country unhappy.
definitely my arms unhappy  .
i want harry's phonecase sad.
work at  this morning unhappy.
jungkook looks like he gives the biggest and warmest hugs unhappy.
ah baba no idea tori olorun. may i never be a victim of such case.
psa: remember this when you ask artists to draw for you. i'd say the same thing for writers but apparently commissi.
i want to give him everything that makes him happy just to see this smile unhappy.
i miss jamie boy and we're both sick unhappy.
what if the one direction band  itself is the one who's giving up? unhappy.
damn ify ate unhappy.
whaaattt.
don't rt to save a guy's life.
nooo your hair color is pretty.
koalas are dying of thirst  and it's all because of us unhappy  .
definitely my arms unhappy  .
where's justin i miss him unhappy.
someone should bring me breakfast to work unhappy.
thats grim unhappy.
oh noooo baby unhappy.
i'm so tired unhappy.
i miss you levi unhappy.
i left my headphones at home unhappy  kms.
i wish i was meeting oa again unhappy.
a year ago today is the last time sakho played for us unhappy.
they would have sustained their fame if they did unhappy.
i miss him unhappy.
ich will ned unhappy.
when your online crush comes to the meet-up without their snapchat filter unhappy  .
this is by far my worst day of  since january th unhappy  crying  crying .
note to self: dont get to attached crying.
mine hasn't been sending stuff unhappy.
definitely my arms unhappy  .
roc boyz sad.
i love you but i cant be arsed i dont know why people keep saying it unhappy.
no celtics or bruins today unhappy  at least sale is pitching for the sox.
i honestly think that their just trying to get rid of me and make a mockery out of me in my town because i just wont admit it. unhappy.
nooo your hair color is pretty .
aseek.
bantay? unhappy.
trying to get in touch with but their numbers appear to be down! unhappy.
need your help guys crying.
a fish killer going to be pressed younhappy  i the hoe of today you were a  good person .
i need lessons to learn how to start conversations with people and keep chatting with them unhappy.
who hacked me unhappy.
damn you both.
i won't be on till later! unhappy.
lets hope a vip does this good deed. i want to watch this too . they shouldn't have done thi.
sometimes at night i feel scared and vulnerable crying.
if you really want to dye it don't go lighter.
how come i didn't get a reminder email this month unhappy.
wowwow these are all so cute unhappy  i wantt .
please rt he'll buy me a blinking taehyung headband.
if i get  retweets and  likes. help me :un.
younhappy  i'll keep it jyoust for you.
damn it isn't available here unhappy.
it's  but also free postage. i wish the seller had yanan and yeo one too. unhappy.
don kray denial of normal bi say.
same unhappy  i've unfollowed so many people ugh.
it's such a negative pit of unhappiness.
its ending soon aah unhappy.
definitely my arms unhappy  .
this is damn.... theres people who sincerely want to attend bh birthday party but bcs of those people who try for fun make them ca.
faltan russel  why noodle unhappy.
yeah i am unhappy  thank you so much my angel.
i miss jihoon sad .
we lost: at jacksonville.
week.
- unhappy.
i hope this little beaand is andot overworkiandg himself and gettiandg at least some rest unhappy  .
guess who's not getting a unicorn frappuccino because they're sold out unhappy.
what if the one direction band  itself is the one who's giving up? unhappy  .
come back callie  gabbie d ghost unhappy  i love you both.
unhappy  oh man..
it kind of feels like a sunburight now right now sad  someone please make the nobby things on glasses not slip.
guess who's not getting a unicorn frappuccino because they're sold out unhappy .
would really like it if the coandsole versioands and got the update to makr it like the steam versioand.
hi! we tried to call your number but got no response unhappy  please share another suitable time and an alternate number.. cont.
sooooo feels like a friday today unhappy.
definitely my arms unhappy  .
i miss talking to yoyoyou  who are yoyou younhappy  yoyou can always still talk to me.
this picture makes me sad unhappy.
why can't dogs just live forever unhappy.
i understand that look sad.
my boyfriend mad cute unhappy.
i miss minmin crying.
good morning i had a nightmare and i'm still wondering why maddie hates me. this is only the beginning of the day unhappy.
pake unhappy.
i miss london already unhappy.
jyoustinbieber can you please follow me on daianeryoufato i've been trying for too long unhappy  i love you so much baby! xx april.
at :am.
deep scratch all the paint is gone  you see the bare metal. so it needs to be fixed to avoid getting a rusting car soon unhappy.
when will you go here in batangas? sad.
i miss you more unhappy.
i only just absorbed that i'm not going to get to laugh when he gets  votes. unhappy  .
this wasnt meant to sound ano sad.
this is damn.... theres people who sincerely want to attend bh birthday party but bcs of those people who try for fun make them ca.
one year ago today unhappy.
this song will always be one of my faves unhappy.
talking to my over driver about where i'm goinghe said he'd love to go to new york too but since trump it's probably not.
fuck get me followers unhappy  my ratio is amazing.
mom please stop making cookies.
they're like  calories per piece unhappy.
i miss the  costumes unhappy.
why did she delete the tweet.
now i need a different pinned tweet unhappy.
thinks about how tfp soundwave is forever trapped in the void realm unhappy.
you deserve better . hope you'll be okay unhappy.
mane has been amazing unhappy.
dammit the effect of the linearts doesn't show so nicely on twitter unhappy.
but like how long is a while?! i didn't want him to be back but he puts me in such a good mood so i don't want him.
we can get pork katsudon at tokyo diner! tho it doesn't have egg in it unhappy.
before anyone else we ass hole unhappy.
the anniversary of josh's death unhappy.
so sorry i havent been checking my tweets unhappy  we are all here for you!
aww unhappy  i'm on coeurl.
oh no unhappy.
i liked a video.
my puppies deserves all better unhappy.
my husband has a family history with the mafia too but he doesn't know the stories sad.
wtf canada  and you are still in the s. i will never support.
buy or do anything that supports canada until.
suuuuuuuuss scared crying.
one table last night told me i look like a graceful ballerina gliding through tables- then another told me i looked like a flash dancer unhappy.
seem i want to drop this account to wuhyungwon unhappy.
don't ask. two special issues lined up. unhappy.
you got to rest.
man. :
does anyone have a  adapter or  earbuds i can borrow for the day? left mine in my car unhappy.
i'm staying here in sa unhappy.
preacher...... unhappy.
umma why you do this crying.
i miss it already unhappy.
well thanks for stoping by unhappy.
why? you don't like blonde hair? unhappy.
. that's a lot cheaper and easier than make your own. my schematic needs special cables that doesn't come easy. unhappy.
pozuelo formerly of swans and suso liverpool now ac.
both look so so good at there current clubs. shame they never cut it in the pl unhappy.
gorbachev done  wo fear. thought bold enough to implement his vision on damp squib unhappy.
wuut seriously?
who got to pen today man crying.
as if this process hasn't been frustrating enough.
it's just got  years longer unhappy.
roc boyz sad  .
ravel morrison unhappy.
that is super scary unhappy.
same. unhappy  i got a h stream coming up for my bday in  hours. and i'm still not sleeping.
talking to my over driver about where i'm goinghe said he'd love to go to new york too but since trump it's probably not.
ps mate.
got to aksis nd part and have a cp for him but have never completed it since return on investment dropped laughing out loud unhappy.
we left it all unspoken.
we buried it alive and now it's screaming in my head crying.
dont laugh unhappy  meanie base.
sorry i didn't make it to the book drive yesterday couldn't get outta work unhappy.
yoongi come back unhappy.
noooo in here is .  i have classes at that time unhappy.
yg should have sent them to mcd. i want to see them holding the trophy unhappy  anyways .
call duration: before sex: :: after sex: :: crying.
this is jimin to yoongi unhappy  .
i'm all fucked up right now unhappy.
definitely my arms unhappy  .
last day of the camp tomorrow.
it's been so much fun and i absolutely love the kids!! don't want it to be over so soon unhappy.
koalas are dying of thirst  and it's all because of us unhappy  .
think it would drive me mad once the synths and other robots turned up. unhappy.
now i dont want to go camp unhappy.
can i only pick one unhappy.
but i'm lonely. unhappy.
hi! we tried to call your number but got no response unhappy  please share another suitable time and an alternate number for.. cont.
miss my friends unhappy.
the one on the left? i couldn't see it unhappy.
not applicablengarag not applicable this unhappy  ill find more wonu pictures soon alxmdkcsnx.
please answer request.  unhappy.
koalas are dying of thirst  and it's all because of us unhappy  .
most painful thing ever is having feelings for someone you can't be with .. unhappy.
no one is offering this poor old lady a seat unhappy.
lexxxxxy unhappy  youre too nice to me instant message really not eek.
why am i better at pen then pencil?dafaqcomoni just want to be a good drawer unhappy.
mayes unhappy  .g.
thanks for that! little things like that really help when sleep starts hitting and you don't drink coffee or energy drinks unhappy.
i miss them already unhappy.
definitely my arms unhappy  .
oh my god what the heck i'm so sorry! this was one of my favorites as well unhappy.
scout photobombed my bluebells photo sad.
crap. hailie won't be there. she has a school game and won't make it to middleburg in time unhappy.
still no sign - it's a very small area  gardens  and it would be very obvious sad  quite a few eyes now.
but no sign.
my knee is similar colour to leny henry's unhappy.
okey unhappy.
in so much pain. my eye hurts unhappy.
don't be buffalo unhappy.
it's hard to imagine anyone but robin unhappy  but still exciting nonetheless.
at least it's not  cad like here unhappy   cad with quebec taxes.
ye... i will miss you unhappy.
is old unhappy.
rl? serius?
i feel so awful today unhappy  i don't want to go to my internship.
so i may be one of those workers who are not properly compensated unhappy.
i love when people or message me w long messages about how beautiful they find joon like unhappy  yes i agree keep going.
today hasn't been great unhappy.
used up a month's worth at laugharne weekend sad  no wi-fi in small carmarthenshire towns.
let alone for free!
today is - which is hitler's birthday unhappy.
jungkook looks like he gives the biggest and warmest hugs unhappy  .
youngjae looked so sad in the video unhappy.
babies unhappy.
i'll check that out... i was excited about the backup singers but they were way too backup unhappy.
first round exit in  minutes followed by  of tech crying unhappy.
my puppies deserves all better unhappy  .
resolve is sooo slow on my laptop.
i don't think i'll be ever to edit long videos here unhappy  i'll go try another editing software.
i hate throwing up  unhappy.
as nani in lies unconscious.
never mind khushi.
i know i'm not ready to say goodbye unhappy  so.
w.
: hello.
he's not beating the two favourites here anyway so i'll stop caring about this match.
sob. unhappy.
i feel like the 'only environments disable people' argument actually excludes many disabled people.
this is jimin to yoongi unhappy  .
baaaper unhappy.
roc boyz sad  .
roc boyz sad  .
so.
last night i had a dream in which i moved to japan and just so happened to see you! you denied my friendlies request. unhappy.
so precious i really miss him unhappy   .
oh no unhappy  what are you like?!  is it still in shops?
aando uandhappy  i googled it the other day to read the meandu agaiand and it said it was a hoax.
thank you unhappy  i need a certificate signed from god.
hi mahima! we share your concern unhappy  please dm us your contact details so that we can get in touch for a detailed.. cont.
talking about tattoos just makes me want my bb tattoo more and more but i'm so broke it makes me unhappy.
never want to finish desperate housewives what will i do with my life unhappy.
not surprised that i have the least amount of followers out of the whole cast sad  lol.
dear attendees.
i'm very jealous of you all unhappy  please go see : - green room on sat!
talking to my over driver about where i'm goinghe said he'd love to go to new york too but since trump it's probably not.
ok will do! i never had any problems with the old ticket app.
the new one just seems a bit unstable unhappy.
we'd love to.
but customs mean we can't send food abroad unhappy  we do hope your other birthday dreams come true.
unnamed:
freebet any sport except total mkets on handball.
basketball etc theyre all restrict.threw.
ikr!! unhappy  oki welcome sam.
speech-to-text doesnt understand my accent or irish names unhappy.
this is jimin to yoongi unhappy  .
there are some rumors going around and videos of his performances on youtube have already been deleted..
i've just wrote  tweets about but still didn't notice me crying.
this is damn.... theres people who sincerely want to attend bh birthday party but bcs of those people who try for fun make them ca.
but why? unhappy.
definitely my arms unhappy  .
you don't post much lately?  school unhappy.
u guys are not noticing me unhappy.
koalas are dying of thirst  and it's all because of us unhappy  .
sorry for being tired on stream. will get some sleep and try be more fun tomorrow. just wasn't feeling it tonight guys. not.
just now i saw. but you did not reply unhappy.
how to be you piss off crying.
my boo:
how about me bes jup unhappy.
andy unhappy.
lage unhappy.
i have to wake up at : tomorrow so my body's gotten a head start by waking up at : every day this week unhappy.
wish i had someone to  cuddle me right now unhappy.
hi julie.
i'm so sorry to see your tweet unhappy  please could you dm your address details? i will look i.
i'm trying to stay positive but i can't help be jealous of princess mia's life. all she does is cuddle and eat unhappy.
russell my phone is just  is there a possibility or a chance that you would notice me? unhappy.
am away next thursday unhappy  the one after!
peacefully sitting here reading my book after work.
watchman comes and threatens me.
assumes im outsider because of my.
oh shiiiiid noooooor unhappy.
oh well never liked clay anyway unhappy.
unhappy  : unhappy   feeling sick.
okay lang friend promise meant to be broken  hahahaha.
do you even care at all unhappy.
one year ago today unhappy  .
i missed you a whole lot unhappy.
i know how you feel.
my views have gone done by about  monthly unhappy.
mane has been amazing unhappy .
senior snaps are starting to get so senti aw unhappy.
instant message still hoping unhappy  .
this is damn.... theres people who sincerely want to attend bh birthday party but bcs of those people who try for fun make them ca.
unhappy  sure.
one of my faves too unhappy  i'm tying to get it up on vimeo so you guys can still watch it x.
dang guess my plans are ruined unhappy.
koalas are dying of thirst  and it's all because of us unhappy  .
unhappy  but if there'll be  silver-that'd be him!
red velvet too unhappy.
my puppies deserves all better unhappy  .
che no critiques. unhappy.
feeling so shit today unhappy.
beauty.
i face swapped a cat with a dog and it's really upsetting unhappy  .
miss the rain unhappy.
this is jimin to yoongi unhappy  .
i'm just really soft spoken unhappy.
playmfs: need moodbooster juseyo unhappy  jilyjelly.
koalas are dying of thirst  and it's all because of us unhappy  .
pake  unhappy.
so precious i really miss him unhappy   .
bells gone to daddies for to  days. work  work work for me unhappy.
damn that's unfortunate for them unhappy.
well that's my weekend viewing plans changed! unhappy.
this is damn.... theres people who sincerely want to attend bh birthday party but bcs of those people who try for fun make them ca.
i only just absorbed that i'm not going to get to laugh when he gets  votes. unhappy  .
when i got doubts about my summer happiness. why zcc? unhappy.
mmmmm i guess your not getting much acting work these days? you have too much time on your hands unhappy.
i wish i could say the gangs all here but daniel's not in this picture. unhappy   rantoul twp high.
oh no andy unhappy.
this is what we have in front of us.
talking to my over driver about where i'm goinghe said he'd love to go to new york too but since trump it's probably not.
i'm sooooo sleepy unhappy.
must feel like shit when men can stare down the barrel of a bong as they spend their kid's milk money unhappy.
alright. looks like back to chores behind the scenes. my page hits drop to k daily when i don't visit and post. unhappy.
hi! we tried to call your number but got no response unhappy  please share another suitable time and an alternate number for us to.. cont.
long time no chat sad.
its not organicthey'll shoehorn it inbut plot  character developmentmcu netflix has leswhat support .
miss you unhappy.
koalas are dying of thirst  and it's all because of us unhappy  .
when will ne reunite unhappy.
bring back the ginger curls.
talking to my over driver about where i'm goinghe said he'd love to go to new york too but since trump it's probably not.
please unhappy.
and he gave me his pass so like i think a while is never unhappy.
i work so much better there unhappy.
hi tharakaram! that's not the experience we want you to have unhappy  please dm us your numbers so that we can get this.. cont.
this is so damn touching. unhappy.
my puppies deserves all better unhappy  .
i want to be cuddled up having someone do that little back trace thing to put me to sleep unhappy.
you mean your voice changed? unhappy.
those nights you're sad in real life and cant sleep unhappy.
ohh normally i feel sick when i drink like - cups of coffee.
maybe coffee is not for you unhappy.
i miss you crying.
honestly college makes me want to curl up into a ball and cry for  days straight unhappy.
huhu so lucky unhappy.
weare are u? unhappy.
im just having one of those days where instant message like.
damn... this just sucks! unhappy.
i've tried resetting everything.
still strict.
if i can't fix it soon i'll have to delay them until tomorrow unhappy.
you know what really upsets me? when a stranger on the internet isn't satisfied with the entertainment i provide him for.
hi! we tried to call your number but got no response unhappy  please share another suitable time and an alternate number.. cont.
i want to meet you both so bad unhappy.
me want please unhappy.
in memoriam of alea starbridge unhappy  your beautiful voice will never be forgotten.
hawhaw crying.
what dat? unhappy.
please read unhappy.
i miss him so much unhappy.
sorry. one bad egg has to embarrass the rest. unhappy.
i don't want to adult today.. it's my birthday unhappy.
i miss temperance brennan and seeley booth so much unhappy .
june  - june  unhappy.
thinks about how tfp soundwave is forever trapped in the void realm unhappy .
get well really soon jack unhappy.
- for the love of a daughter crying.
iiiii would like a boook !  fuck off unhappy.
i'm so tired of pretending i'm not falling for you unhappy.
on the way.
although i'll be a little late sad.
more than just a picture unhappy.
wut i totally missed your bday unhappy  happy belated birthday sweetheart.
i hope it was great.
i love you waaaaay more baby unhappy  you're the sweetest and most adorable little angel.
i'm so glad i have you.
koalas are dying of thirst  and it's all because of us unhappy  .
it's been a year haha unhappy.
guys this is really serious and i hope you dont judge me unhappy.
shouldn't keep kenyans complaining on.
.i can't believe this hasn't been fixed yet.
and i can't believe customer service just goes.
aw younhappy  i miss you too.
aww i was trying to cheer you up unhappy.
famous sa facebook.
but in reality alone and lonely  unhappy.
sorry for no stream yesterday.
i have a cold unhappy  we'll see how i feel today!
wtf?! where's the what is this boring show that's on?! when did this happen?? this is what happens when i close all week. unhappy.
back at it again with the matemticas unhappy.
yg should have sent them to mcd. i want to see them holding the trophy unhappy  anyways .
im hungry unhappy.
i can't draw naked women crying.
hi ashish! we've an update regarding your concern but your number was switched off unhappy  please share another suitable time.. cont.
u blackmailed me unhappy.
why am i not in aus with alisha unhappy  imagine the things we could be doing.
when jongin asked each members whether they have eaten and felt so wronged because they ate without him unhappy.
instant message cramping sad.
i hate losing online friends unhappy  it's cruel when people deactivate unhappy.
guys please help me retweet unhappy  .
pretty much only the twitters and it doesn't really work out for me sad.
the only appropriate ones i have unhappy.
:' well.
at least in my case it has not yet completely broken tho.
but how about yours? unhappy.
nope unhappy.
i miss temperance brennan and seeley booth so much unhappy .
dont be surprised if you see me cry today.
instant message in a lot of pain and the school doesnt allow my to have my pain meds unhappy.
oh jeez.  i didn't even try taking a crack at it because i expected the build to be so bad.
ha  unhappy.
r.i.p victoria wood  heaven knows we're miserable now unhappy.
that was a fun night! sorry i missed last night unhappy  we really need to sync our calendars with and.
when will you notice me? unhappy.
same unhappy.
whats crazy is when i walked through them doors every administration  her was there that night. so why are her a.
and yet if parents invest in child's emotional education by taking child out of school on holiday early that's un.
yg should have sent them to mcd. i want to see them holding the trophy unhappy  anyways .
i want more orientation unhappy.
unhappy  they not.
yg should have sent them to mcd. i want to see them holding the trophy unhappy  anyways .
wish knock out lang talaga for the new school year are good and cooperative groupmates please unhappy.
i miss so much unhappy.
same unhappy .
hi instant message your friend  friend lang.
hindi close friend? unhappy.

